# singlemod

Run

go run main.go serve -p 8080

- or -

make run


## Project Structure Documentation

This is the project structure generated by "stk init" command.

## Components

### Internals

The internals directory contains the application logic and http , organized into various segments:
- Entity & Errors
- Http Handlers & Helpers
- Service
- Storage

Structure:

- internals/core
  - /entity - Primary data structures and interfaces for a module.
  - /serr  - Server specific errors for each modules.
- internals/http
  - /handler - Http handler functions for each modules which process the request and response. Implements the interfaces defined in internals/core/entity for each modules.
  - /helpers - Helper functions for http handlers.
  - /transport - Data structure and Functions related to http response.
- internals/service - Business logic for each modules. Implements the interfaces defined in internals/core/entity for each modules.
- internals/storage
  - /<module-name>Storage - Storage implementation for each modules, Initialize and implement the storage interface defined in internals/core/entity for each modules.
---

### Server

The server directory contains logic related to platform level concerns, such as:
- Server configurations
- Middleware
- Routing
- Infrastructure

Structure:

- server/infra - Server configurations and constants.
- server/middleware - Middleware functions for the server.
- server/routing - Routing logic for the server, Binds the http handlers to the routes for each Modules.
- server/server.go - Server initialization and start logic.

---

### Cmd

- cmd - Entry point for the application or any related command-line interfaces (CLI). These scripts initialize and run the application, utilizing the Cobra CLI library. Serve and version commands are generated by default.

---

### Platform Configurations

- .github/workflows 
  
  For github workflows, The default workflow for build, test, release is generated by default. Go releaser is used to execute the release job. Release workflow is triggered when a new tag is pushed to the repository.

- .vscode

  For vscode configurations, such as launch.json. The default launch configurations for debugging is generated by default.

---

For managing versions, [semver](https://github.com/adharshmk96/semver) is reccomended.
For testing, [mockery](https://github.com/vektra/mockery) is reccomended.
